♪ Let's go real far ♪
♪ I should pack my bag first ♪
♪ We've got so much to see ♪
♪ If you really want ♪
♪ And you really do ♪
♪ I could go round the world with you ♪
♪ I'll be there for you ♪
♪ Whatever you do ♪
♪ I'll be there with you ♪
♪ Ollie and Moon ♪
[groan]
What was that awful sound?
I don't know. I heard it too.
[groan]
Ollie? Did you hear that strange sound?
-Strange sound?
-Yes! Like an angry balloon.
Or a super-squeaky fridge door.
-Or a dolphin with a cold!
-Nope. Nothing like that.
[groan]
-Ollie, was that sound you?
-I guess.
It's this loose tooth.
Argh!
It won't come out,
and I can't eat this cheese!
It hurts too much to bite!
[groans]
Let me help you get that tooth out.
No, it'll fall out on its own.
OK. We'll try it your way.
[clock ticks]
[screams in pain]
That's it. Doing it my way!
Why, I'm the best
tooth getter-outer in town!
They call me the Tooth Whisperer.
Really?
OK, Moon. For you.
Aaaaa.
Hi, tooth. Wanna come out and play?
The Tooth Fairy is waiting, you know,
and she's really busy.
She's not gonna wait forever.
What'll it take
to get you outta that mouth
and into the good life?
So you wanna play tough, huh, tooth?
Fine. I'm bringing in my secret weapon.
The sticky English toffee!
[gasps]
But that's the chewiest, stickiest candy
in the whole world!
With a tooth like this, it's the only way.
But one bite,
the tooth will stick to the toffee
and out it comes!
Luckily, I have one precious piece left!
Uh-oh.
Hmm.
No!
Wait! I'm having a brainstorm.
Uh-oh. When you have a brainstorm,
I always get dragged off someplace.
We'll go to England to get more!
-England?
-Of course!
The best sticky toffee in the world
comes from England.
Plus, my cousin, Sir Bret,
is the first toffee maker to the Queen!
I'll text him to meet us
at Buckingham Palace.
We're gonna help you, Ollie.
That's what friends are for!
-Since you put it that way...
-Tally-ho, to England we go!
Whee!
Ladies and gentlemen,
now arriving in England!
Wow! Buckingham Palace.
The Queen has a big house!
Did you know it has 78 bathrooms?
Now that's my kind of place!
-Gate's locked, though.
-And Sir Bret is not answering.
Then how do we get inside
to see him and get the toffee?
Guess we can't!
Oh, well, we tried. Let's go home!
Maybe there's another way in.
Wait! That hat! It's fuzz-beautiful!
I gotta have one!
You, too, guys!
Yay!
[giggles]
Come on guys, selfie time. Say cheese!
[groans]
Cheese!
Look! It's a fuzzy parade!
They're going in where Sir Bret is!
-Follow them!
-Actually, Moon--
Don't you just love the way they walk?
But, Moon,
these guys with the fuzzy hats, they're--
Pretty? Popular?
Pleasing to the eye?
-No visitors here!
-Whoa!
Oof.
No, palace guards.
And only guards are allowed in that way.
Guess we better head home
and wait for my tooth to fall out.
[groans]
No way!
I'm not letting you suffer another minute.
We're finding that toffee
and getting that tooth out!
Wait! There's Sir Bret, on the bus!
Stop that bus!
-Sir Bret!
Excuse me! Sorry, ma'am!
Sorry!
Left my package up top!
[they keep calling out]
Sir Bret!
-Sorry about that.
-Sir Bret!
-Excuse me.
-About the slime, sorry!
-Sir Bret!
-Oh, dear. There it is.
[gasps] Sir Bret! Finally!
We've been looking and looking for you!
[muffled by toffee]
Stanley! I'm so glad to see you!
These are the friends
I was telling you about.
Ollie's got the loose tooth.
We were hoping
you might have some toffee
for us to help get it out.
Mmm-hmm. Aaaaaaa.
[muffled] Oh, that's a big one.
I can't understand a word he's saying.
I think he's got a mouth
full of sticky toffee.
[muffled]
Then let's go over to the toffee factory.
[embarrassed laugh]
Sure!
We'd love to have a look
at your toffee factory while we're here.
I speak fluent toffee.
[muffled]
Oh! But first some tea and cake!
See? You're learning fast!
Now get ready to sit a while.
The English like to take
their time with tea.
Mmm. Delicious.
[muffled]
If you like that, try some cheese!
Ah! Cheese! [groans]
Excuse us! We have to...
not be here. Bye!
Come on, Ollie.
While they take forever with tea,
we'll get you that toffee!
Whoa! Slippery floor!
Whoa! Ah!
What happened? Where are we?
Are we moving? Whoa!
Whoa! We're on the sticky-toffee tester
assembly line!
Watch out for the toffee twirlers!
Whoa!
-Want more?
-Well, thank you.
Watch out for the toffee shakers!
-[vibrating] Whoa!
-You sound like a motorboat!
-[muffled] Cake?
-Mmm-hmm!
Whoa! Toffee stretchers!
[laughter]
Tickles!
Ah!
They've been gone a while.
I'll just go check on them.
-Whoa!
-Guys? Everything--?
Now can we please go home
and wait for my tooth to fall out?
But, Ollie, we can't give up now!
Can we give up soon?
Look, we're covered in sticky toffee!
You've got to be able
to reach some with your mouth!
Please let's just go home.
Things couldn't be worse!
No! We're going back in there
and getting toffee for my friend.
OK, Moon. I'll do it,
but just because you're my friend.
♪ Opposites ♪
♪ That's what we are ♪
♪ We can't give up ♪
♪ Give me a smile, say "cheese" ♪
♪ We're buddy, buddy
Sing it out and shout ♪
♪ You are my best friend
We can work it out ♪
♪ Side by side ♪
♪ We're buddy, buddy
Sing it out and shout ♪
♪ Two friends together
Is what it's all about ♪
♪ We can work it out ♪
I was wrong! Things could get worse!
Now I've got toffee all over me
and I'm all wet!
Yeah, but--
All I wanted to do was stay home,
be patient.
But instead, I came all the way here
and I got kicked out of the Queen's palace
and twirled and stretched
and covered in...
Plus, my tooth will still not come out!
It won't come out! It just won't...
Ooh!
I'm sorry, Ollie.
I just wanted to help you get--
-It's out.
-Ha, ha!
-What?
-It is!
It's out!
And, hang on, now I'm jumping up and down!
Because we're not stuck together any more!
The mud puddle
must have dissolved the toffee!
Moon, that was your best brainstorm ever!
-Uh... I had a brainstorm?
-Yes!
To get me so frustrated
that I yelled my tooth out
-is the best brainstorm ever!
-Oh, yeah!
That is a good one.
I'll use that next time
somebody has a loose tooth!
[perfectly clear]
That sure was yummy toffee!
Oh, there you are. Looking better, I see.
May I offer you some sticky toffee?
I'd love to try it, thanks.
I'm in no hurry to get home. You, Moon?
[muffled] Well? Glad you came?
I can't think of anything better!
[laughter]
[muffled]
[whispers]
I don't understand a word they're saying!
Ollie!
How much did the Tooth Fairy leave you?
About nine ounces...
of West Country English Cheddar.
That Tooth Fairy really knows me. Try it!
-Uh-oh.
-What's wrong, Moon?
My tooth! It's loose!
[gasps] You know what that means!
Tally-ho, to England we go!